air
each
we have not yet evolved the second division game
bush
there
Since then
make one more goal and meet the goals requested by the coach and current
stood out and ten assists
the years have passed
sun with a few clouds
elias
part of the review each time
it is
ef
six municipalities six assists
the river football league bird
if you can not sleep there
was in another state
São Paulo Brazil
good pac works
ten points
and ten assists
can only achieve
placed our Brazilian ballast in the second division of spain
only later it would leave there and return to Brazil what do you think of it
if the club was able to meet the goal stipulated by the coach and the art he
now will play in the first division
take it you play without adilson baza do not play by the law catalog
They're going to have problems with this.
Do you even know about santana?
nothing at this time
he is
releasing your style of play here is very cold
nor does it look like it's a year
so much so that in Brazil he is called a player with the people
the Basque's greatest rival in Brazil also came to the story he will play
team rivaling catalog são josé
the santana you will play by the saints and they are going very well in the league the
Catalan junkie rivaldo has the best Brazilian civilian player is anxious
to play against them
we are honored to play a lot better I have always followed the team's career
or
but there is one thing still hulk is not the only good player of the treatment
you may be more specific is referring to who
under the action of the South and also former player of the wedding
do not know
under the action or beating
the base text
What is the barça that plays well against the
I came to Spain
play against my biggest rival
under the action of the south I am very anxious to play against him
I can not wait to face it one more time.
but it's a rematch
does not change anything
I will not hide
now you do not know the reality of your dreams
loures
I listened
As you know the international cup in Japan is approaching
and we will lose our players
for national teams to make friendly
therefore
I would like to hear your thoughts.
know the planning that will be done
for the same with the casualties our team continue in front of the others
after the next game we can not count on a rival or it will affect
performance of our team.
night bayer 2
Tell us what your plans are.
I'm going to
I'm intending to promote the games the jury his team to optimize
and make adjustments in the tactical scheme
but I did not think it would be better to keep the latter swaying the repair team
for us to win the two divisions lord
do not be deceived
I believe I can hit be the only one who replaced the height claimed
O
you will play as the physical connection sock
and twitter from catalonia
there the pet that played as an attacking sock
wrong with one if he made 6 assists per game and he did